License (5 Jan 2024)

Copyright (c) 2024 Igor Aherne

StableProjectorz (Software) is a complementary tool for Stable Diffusion.
Igor Aherne is not the author of the Stable Diffusion algorithm.

You may use, modify and sell the art generated by this Software in your projects, use this art commercially and free of charge. You may use this Software for free but you can’t sub-license or resell this Software. You may not claim any part of the source code of this Software as your own, unless you produced it.

“Attribution Requirements”:

1. Attribution must be given to Igor Aherne and the StableProjectorz website https://stableprojectorz.com in at least one of the following ways when using this Software. You may choose to include attribution by mentioning it in the credits of your game or software, in its documentation, or in the references section of your video, podcast, or similar media. Only one of these methods is required, and you are free to select the most appropriate one for your project.

2. Attribution must be extended to the authors of StableDiffusion, ControlNet, and any other software incorporated into the StableProjectorz.

However, it is not required to include these attributions within the art generated by this Software, unless required by the Law of your Country. You also are not required to include these attributions in the description of the generated art, if you are selling it as an asset or an asset-bundle, unless required by the Law of your Country.

“Derivative Works and Financial Transactions”:

Any other software that you derive from modifying or using this Software (StableProjectorz) shall not contain donation/payment buttons or mechanisms that redirect such payments to you instead of Igor Aherne, unless explicitly permitted (in writing) by Igor Aherne.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. The user shall ensure attribution is given to the Copyright-Holder of this Software.
